inputs: Accept bare input from the command line (#4401)
chef/inspec: docs/inputs.md

That result clearly won't do. Let's override the input's default value. Create a file, `custom_amps.yml`:

> We can now run that profile with `inspec exec rock_critic --input amplifier_max_volume=11`:

Reviewer: Would the last sentence in line 47 be removed in the case of the new line 49?

### How can I set Inputs?

> As installed (without specialized plugins), Chef InSpec supports six ways of setting inputs:

Reviewer 2: "several" ? @mjingle ?

Reviewer: The change to "several" would be recommended. There's less maintenance this way.

> As installed (without specialized plugins), Chef InSpec supports six ways of setting inputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As installed (without specialized plugins), Chef InSpec supports several ways of setting inputs:
```

 * Inline in control code, using `input('input_name', value: 42)`.
 * In profile `inspec.yml` metadata files

>  * Using the CLI option `--input name1=value1 name2=value2...` to read directly from the command line

Reviewer: Line 66 needs to be updated from "five" to "six" with this new addition :)

Briefly:

> inline DSL < metadata < ( cli-inupt-file or kitchen-inspec or audit-cookbook ) < cli --input

Reviewer 2: `s/inupt/input/`

another_input: another_value
```

CLI-input-file-set inputs have a priority of 40.

As of Chef InSpec 4.3.2, this mechanism has the following limitations:

  1. No [input options](#input-options-reference) may be set - only the name and value.
  2. Because the CLI is outside the scope of any individual profile and the inputs don't take options, the inputs are clumsily copied into every profile, effectively making the CLI mechanism global.

## Setting Input values using `--input`

You may also provide inputs and values directly on the command line:

```yaml
inspec exec my_profile --input input_name=input_value
```

To set multiple inputs, say:
```yaml
inspec exec my_profile --input input_name1=input_value1 name2=value2
```

> Don't repeat the `--input` flag; that will override the previous setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not repeat the `--input` flag as that will override the previous setting.
```
